Add OPA documentation (#48)
kubewarden/docs: src/writing-policies/rego/02-builtin-support.md

# Builtin support

Building a policy for the `wasm` target is only half of the problem,
it needs to be executed.

The Open Policy Agent team has a dedicated page you can check in order
to [find out the built-in support
level](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-reference/#built-in-functions).

Every green check in this table means that those built-ins are
implemented regardless of the runtime: they are built on top of other
functions and are implemented already on the policy you have built.

The built-ins marked as `SDK-dependent` are the ones that the host has
to implement -- in this case, Kubewarden. Open Policy Agent may use
them in order to build the rest of the built-ins. In any case, this
built-ins are exposed to the policy and any new or existing policy
could depend on them.

> This is the built-ins implemented up until now in Kubewarden:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the built-ins implemented up until now in Kubewarden:
```

> This is the built-ins implemented up until now in Kubewarden:

Author: I was uncertain with what what meant what kwctl could do when a non existant built-in function is present. Reading the code I didn't get that it's supposed to exit with an error. I could not find this option or logic anywhere.

I just tried it with a non existant built-in function and it does not "exit", but behave in an unexpected way: despite I was in a rejection branch, the request got evaluated to accept:

```
 » kwctl run -e gatekeeper --settings-json '{"labels":{"mandatory-label":"team-.*"}}' --request-path ../test_data/production-ingress.json policy.wasm
Sep 13 14:52:45.505 ERROR validate{self=PolicyEvaluator { id: "file:///home/ereslibre/oss-21/demo/gatekeeper/policy.wasm", settings: {"labels": Object({"mandatory-label": String("team-.*")})} }}: burrego::opa::wasm: something went wrong error="Cannot find builtin function with name yaml.is_valid"
{"uid":"1299d386-525b-4032-98ae-1949f69f9cfc","allowed":true}
```

I am going to document this as we expect (the way you described). And I'm going to fix two tangential issues:

1) `kwctl` continues execution and it should abort with a rejection with a message specifying a built-in in the execution path is not supported.

2) `policy-server` behaves in the same way, rejecting the request with the same reason. Do you agree that's appropriate?

3) Implement a couple of missing functions on the `encoding` group. I just found out [when updating the issue that we will use as the reference for built-in support](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-evaluator/issues/56#issue-983937559): `base64url.encode_no_pad` and `yaml.is_valid`.

cc/ @flavio

> These are the built-ins implemented up until now in Kubewarden:

Reviewer 2: I'm just a bit concerned about keeping this page up-to-date, but we can live with that :)

Author: I think it makes sense to not add this into the documentation. If you are good with it I can replace the explicit table with a link to https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-evaluator/issues/56, that is in our interest to keep up to date. WDYT?

# Builtin support

Building a policy for the `wasm` target is only half of the problem,
it needs to be executed.

The Open Policy Agent team has a dedicated page you can check in order
to [find out the built-in support
level](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-reference/#built-in-functions).

Every green check in this table means that those built-ins are
implemented regardless of the runtime: they are implemented already on
the policy you have built.

The built-ins marked as `SDK-dependent` are the ones that the host has
to implement -- in this case, Kubewarden. Open Policy Agent and
Gatekeeper may use them depending on the needs of the policy. In any
case, this built-ins are exposed to the policy and any new or existing
policy could depend on them.

These are the [built-ins implemented up until now in

> Kubewarden](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-evaluator/issues/56#issue-983937559).

Reviewer 2: I would use some contents from the blog post I just wrote, and mix it with something from above:

```
The Rego language provides some [built-in functions](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-reference/#built-in-functions)
to perform String, Encoding, Regex, ... operations.
When building a Rego policy into a WebAssembly module, some of these built-in
functions are going to be implemented inside of the Wasm file itself; while others
have to be provided at execution time by the WebAssembly runtime evaluating the module.

The Open Policy Agent team has a dedicated page you can check in order
to [find out the built-in support
level](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-reference/#built-in-functions).
Every green check in this table means that those built-ins are
implemented regardless of the runtime: they are implemented already on
the policy you have built.

Kubewarden implements the built-in functions that are not supported natively
by the WebAssembly modules produced by `opa build`. There are still some built-ins that
are not yet provided by us, however, based on the policies we have seen in the open,
the ones we already support should be enough for the majority of Kubernetes users.

[This GitHub issue](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-evaluator/issues/56)
keeps track of the Rego built-ins we have still to implement. Feel free to
comment over there to prioritize our work.
```

## Executing policies with missing built-ins

> When a policy is instantiated with `kwctl` or the `policy-server`, the

Reviewer 2: > is instantiated with `kwctl` or with `policy-server`
